OSDOCS-17174: CQA of Compliance Operator Straggler Files (#116858)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-crd-profile-bundle.adoc

= ProfileBundle object

[role="_abstract"]

> Use `ProfileBundle` objects to deliver compliance profiles when you install the Compliance Operator. The Operator parses each bundle and creates a `Profile` object for every profile in the bundle, along with related `Rule` and `Variable` objects.

Reviewer: Similar to previous comment about short descs in concept modules. Suggested change.
```suggestion
A `ProfileBundle` object contains the compliance content images that the Compliance Operator parses into `Profile`, `Rule`, and `Variable` objects when you install the cluster.
```

Author: Reverting this shortdescription also. I think it was fine the way it was, since it is more conceptual.
